[Music]
LOL once more but um this is about the
fourth of laka filmed today as you can
see on the boards I've dated today's
enough for September so in the four
vlogs supper obviously the same date so
that's explains where I got the same
t-shirt on then
I've only took me now to film all these
videos I think this one is a me view
it's not sponsored by the company not
sponsored by anyone I just want to share
because it's quite interesting and up on
the phone and Gabi machine on earth log
she me if you do not the called moved
chimp um like a chat with lunch uh crap
but you can make make friends and
socialize and when I locked on me phone
it got really enough meetings at two
point something well then I installed it
and it is quite good actually got one
person chat too already
yes so it doesn't seem that bad I don't
know why I got so much bad me use I
suppose is one things it's free so gonna
get idiots using it but it looks okay to
me and I've been using it for about 24
hours
listen up anyway bond you know hopefully
was screenshots up on it yeah so you see
a little bit but yeah give it a go say
I'm not sponsored by a mom just doing it
because
yeah
not even limp my name below so if you
use it you can always find me in chat to
me
thank you watch this short this little
vlog and I just check it out if you want
to like this you don't have to so I'll
see you soon
you